Courtney take away Tiffany it's so great
to have you here back at FCW and I have
to say you're great general manager on
ECW but I have to ask what is on your
agenda next well Thank You Courtney and
I have to say it is great to see
everybody back here at FCW and to answer
your question it was great being general
manager but I think it's time that I
start competing again and what better
place to compete then right here at FCW
Tiffany
welcome back sweetheart you know what
used to be someone of power used to be
somebody that actually meant something
now what now what happens if aney you're
here tonight at FCW because you want to
compete is that right well let me tell
you not only am i the most dominant diva
at FCW Wow but now now now that I've
been reborn with my savior see I am now
better I'm better than any deeper at FCW
I'm better than any diva in the WWE
she's Balder - Serina it appears that
when CM Punk shape your head
he took a bit of your brain with it
and that sounded like a challenge so I
think it's time that someone shuts your
mouth about all this straightedge
garbage and takes you down a notch
I'm gonna tell you what
Tiffany you have geared up right around
mayonnaise